docs: oci (#2178)
newrelic/newrelic-agent-control: docs/package_manager.md

# Package Manager

Agent Control (AC) manages agent packages (and in the future agent types) distributed as OCI ([Open Container Initiative](https://opencontainers.org/)) artifacts.
The package manager handles download, signature verification, extraction, installation and garbage collection of packages from OCI registries.

## Package structure (in the OCI repository)

The packaged agent must comply with the [OCI image spec](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec). The entrypoint can either
be a manifest JSON file or an index JSON file.

The [index](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-index.md#oci-image-index-specification) file includes a list of manifest files, and it's handy to support multiple environments. Agents that want to integrate with AC should use this approach.

> [!NOTE]

> > Agent Control uses an [OCI client that supports every architecture and os in the spec](https://docs.rs/oci-client/latest/oci_client/manifest/struct.Platform.html).

Author: Updated with a link to the compatibility matrix we just added.

Example:

```json
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.index.v1+json",
  "manifests": [
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
      "digest": "sha256:82677ba32d1276debe264d14ec5f7b1c61e2a9acbc8c6a6dff779d7133ec8487",
      "size": 617,
      "platform": {
        "architecture": "amd64",
        "os": "linux"
      },
      "artifactType": "application/vnd.newrelic.agent.v1"
    },
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
      "digest": "sha256:5a16021a5101f7ae0583cddae44ea715ad2cfd618b61b8982de1b847958260da",
      "size": 617,
      "platform": {
        "architecture": "arm64",
        "os": "linux"
      },
      "artifactType": "application/vnd.newrelic.agent.v1"
    },
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
      "digest": "sha256:13e6d06647bbaf4f44d4c29bb57e1078c9919da92e2aee3443c122c24b86d3cb",
      "size": 502,
      "platform": {
        "architecture": "amd64",
        "os": "windows"
      },
      "artifactType": "application/vnd.newrelic.agent.v1"
    }
  ]
}
```

> Then we have the [manifest](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/manifest.md#oci-image-manifest-specification) file, which includes the package data and metadata. By default, it supports every environment (i.e. OS + architecture) if not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we have the [manifest](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/manifest.md#oci-image-manifest-specification) file, which includes the package data and metadata.

> [!WARNING]
> f the index manifest is not used, the same package would be used assuming that it supports every environment (i.e. OS + architecture) as the platform is if not specified.
```

```
temp_package_path: <base>/packages/<agent-id>/__temp_packages/<package-id>/<sanitized-ref>
final_path:        <base>/packages/<agent-id>/stored_packages/<package-id>/<sanitized-ref>
```

The `final_path` location is where the extracted package will reside after installation and can be referenced 
by the agent through the variable `${nr-sub:packages.infra-agent.dir}`.

**Steps**:
1. Create temporary download directory
2. Download artifact (expects exactly 1 layer/file), if the file was already downloaded, skip download
3. Create final installation directory
4. Extract archive based on `PackageType` (tar.gz or zip) derived from the MIME type
5. Delete temporary directory (always, even on failure)

The whole operation blocks the sub-agent thread until it terminates.
Notice that the old sub-agent (and therefore the binary) is stopped before the new one is downloaded and executed.
In the next iterations, we will have a non-blocking implementation to avoid the sub-agent being blocked by this operation.

There is no installation step or script execution, just extraction. We expect to support installation scripts in the future.

> TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no installation step or script execution, just extraction. We expect to support installation scripts in the future.
```

## Garbage collection

AC keeps track of the latest installed package. Each install operation executes an old package purge operation, which retains the latest tracked package (i.e. package currently running) and the new installed package. You can think of it like a FIFO with size 2. 

On restart, AC only retains the current package. The previous package will be deleted.

Example:

1. User installs infra agent version 1.0.0 (system stores infra 1.0.0)
2. User installs infra agent version 3.0.0 (system stores infra 1.0.0 and 3.0.0)
3. User installs infra agent version 2.0.0 (system stores infra 2.0.0 and 3.0.0)
4. Restart (system stores infra 2.0.0)

## Error Handling

**Installation Failures**:
- Sanitization error computing path suffix → Fail
- Installing archive errors → Delete partial installation directory then fail
  This includes the following errors
  - Create temporal download path error → Fail
  - Download error (includes signature verification errors) → Retry several times, then fail
  - Extract package → Fail
- Delete temporal package path → Fail
- Retain packages error → Fail

> For signature verification, we only fail when BOTH signature verification is enabled AND a public key is configured, and the signature doesn't match. If signature verification is disabled OR no public key is configured, we skip verification and log a warning.

Author: https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-agent-control/pull/2178/changes/31b23ab7510f982308750ed8af8b0ea37af84fe2 LMKWYT
